Hi, I'm Laura from youngwritersworkshops.com,
and I want to talk about teaching map skills
to children. The early foundation of understanding
about maps is just beginning to talk about
locations, and that everything has a location.
This is a really important idea for children
to understand. They can begin to understand
that things have a location and that location
is relative to another location. You can also
talk about maps when you talk about an event
in the world. You can show on the map where
that event is taking place, they can begin
to have a concept of where things are in relation
to other things. Then, once kids have that
basic understanding about location, you can
begin to talk about ordinal directions and
using words like 'east' and 'south' when you
describe things. You can arrows on your walls
just showing east, west, north, south so that
kids start to practice doing that. The east
side of the school building or the east side
of the classroom. They can begin to understand
those ideas when you bring them into their
daily lives. You also want to have them begin
to make maps. They can make a map of their
classroom, or of their school, of their schoolyard.
They can start to plot things out and see
how to represent them on paper. That's a good
way for them to begin to understand mapping.
You can also have them do games by giving
them a map and then having them plot things
on the map. They can also play games where
they have to identify states or continents
on a map, so they might have a blank map and
they color in the states that they've visited.
They have to be able to identify it and find
it on the map and color it in. Puzzles and
other objects that have maps on them are a
good way for them to have more exposure. Assembling
a puzzle of the United States or of the continent
of Europe can really help them to build their
understanding of the locations of things and
to have practice using maps. So those are
some ideas about teaching kids map skills.